# Frequently Asked Questions for GSoC'19/RoboComp applicants

This is the RoboComp's Frequently Asked Questions list for GSoC'19. New questions will be added. Please, take a look before asking.

###I am interested in participating in RoboComp as a GSoC'19 student. What should I do?
We encourage you to install RoboComp and familiarise with the framework. In particular, following the [tutorials](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp/blob/stable/doc/README.md) will help you understand how to create and use components. It will also help you get an overall idea of how the framework works.

There is a [RoboComp installation FAQ](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp/blob/stable/doc/FAQ.md).


##I want to apply to GSoC'19/RoboComp. Which are the deadlines?
The following is a list of the deadlines that are relevant for students **applying** to participate in GSoC. However, the ultimate source of information in terms of deadlines will always be the [Google Summer of Code website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/):
* 26 February - 25 March: Students get involved in the project and disscuss ideas with the mentors. If you're thinking about participating as a student, please follow all the tutorials.
* 25 March - April 9: Student application process.
* May 6: The list of accepted students is announced.

##I have installed RoboComp and followed all the tutorials. What should I do next?
If you have installed RoboComp and followed all the tutorials, it is time to get in contact with the mentors.




















