# Frequently Asked Questions for GSoC'20/RoboComp applicants

This is the RoboComp's Frequently Asked Questions list for GSoC'20. New questions will be added. Please, take a look before asking.

### I am interested in participating in RoboComp as a GSoC'20 student. What should I do?
We encourage you to install RoboComp and familiarise with the framework. In particular, following the [tutorials](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp/blob/stable/doc/README.md) will help you understand how to create and use components. It will also help you get an overall idea of how the framework works.  
There is a [RoboComp installation FAQ](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp/blob/development/doc/FAQ.md).


### I want to apply to GSoC'20/RoboComp. Which are the deadlines?
The following is a list of the deadlines that are relevant for students **applying** to participate in GSoC. However, the ultimate source of information in terms of deadlines will always be the [Google Summer of Code website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/):
* 20 February - March 16: Students get involved in the project and discuss ideas with the mentors. If you're thinking about participating as a student, please follow all the tutorials.
* 16 March - March 31: Student application process.
* April 27: The list of accepted students is announced.

### I have installed RoboComp and followed all the tutorials. What should I do next?
If you have installed RoboComp and followed all the tutorials, it is time to get in contact with the mentors.  
You can find the mentors contact information for GSoC'20 at the end of this [page](/web/gsoc/2020/ideas/index#complete-list-of-mentors).





















